So after the successful completion of all the Java classes here, I hope you have a lot of knowledge
about object oriented programming.
Now looking at some more features of this program.
So before starting.
Let me add this, that we have a correction here.
Previously I have typed it as total money spent, but here we have to subtract it with total money earned.
So total money.
And suppose if school on 2000 so the money spent will be 2000 minus the salary.
Suppose it is 700.
So the salary will be subtracted from the money earned by the school.
So.
Let me comment this out and explain it again.
So 2000 is the money earned initially stored in this variable?
Later on the variable stored.
The variable will store a value of 2000 -700.
Suppose.
So the value will be equal to 1300, so the total money spent will return 1300 and the money earned
will left the money and will be left as 1300 in total.
So yes, this was a correction that spent is the wrong and on the correct to be subtracted from.
Now removing this.
Let us move forward towards our main de jour.
Where we left.
So, yes, we have created the school A, B, C and.
This outed the earned money by the school.
So when someone not paid the fee, says 60,000.
The font in the school was 60,000.
We have run it and will run it again.
Yes.
So the school has earned 60,000.
Now.
Yes.
So let me add some more.
Funds like suppose that the.
These fees.
Of 50,000.
Now running it again.
The funds should increase.
Yes.
Perfect.
So now the funds in the school is one lakh 10,000 paid by both the student and totaling them.
No.
Let us.
Think about adding a new teacher to the.
Feature list of the school.
So we have a list.
There is no restrictions in adding teacher.
We have unlimited size so we can add any number of features.
So let's add a new teacher to the school.
So we will add a new teacher in the similar way we have added it here.
So adding it as teacher.
Let us name her.
Meena?
Yes.
So Meena wants to join the school ABC.
So she is new.
We have to set an ID for her.
So she is member of the teacher object.
So yes, yes.
So it is demanding for ID name and the salary she should be given.
So we have already declared it as 1 to 3.
So find a unique id for Meena so we can give her an idea of six citing.
Yes.
The string input to her name.
And let us suppose let us suppose she is going to pay the salary of 9000.
Yes.
Perfect.
So Mina is added to the school and.
We have to add to it to the list like this.
Yes.
School.
Not Ed teacher.
Mina.
Yes.
So we have named the school as ABC.
The school is a busy.
Yes.
Now it is perfect.
So, I mean, is added to the school.
Now.
Suppose that the feces collected from the student.
Now, what if we have to pay salary to the teachers?
So giving this a good heading.
Like suppose we print as a heading to.
Yeah.
Schools.
Base salary.
School is going to pay salary to the teachers in a separate block.
Yes.
So.
Giving it a good.
Look.
The heading should look nice, right?
So, yes.
Now suppose that the teacher named Samantha is paid salary.
So Samantha don't receive salary.
Yes.
The is if is called from the teacher class here.
Receive salary.
Yes.
So here is the receive salary.
Receive salary function.
It turns the salary earned by a specific teacher.
It works in the manner of salary.
Earn is equal to salary plus salary earn.
Initially, the salary earned by any teacher is zero.
Here it is mentioned.
After the credit condition of the salary to the Samantha's account, she will be having a total salary
of 9000.
Let me check.
What was her?
35,000.
So Samantha will have a total salary of 5000.
So yes, calling the receive salary function from the teacher class.
We have to write it in a way like Samantha.
Don't get salary.
Samantha got the salary, so?
Yes.
Samantha gets salary.
It's called her.
The method is invoked here.
So if we try to print out this system out.
Yes.
So write it in this way.
That ABC School.
Spent.
For salary to.
Now for adding a variable in the print syntax, we have to use this plus icon.
So, yes.
Calling the Samantha object.
Not getting the name as a string is done by this get name function and.
The variable is enclosed by a plus symbol at the beginning and the end after which.
We have to print what the school is left with so we could write it in this way and now has.
So school is left with how much money?
And again declaring a variable school.
Not yet.
Yes.
The total money spent for the salary?
So again, the school name is ABC.
Right.
So let us try running this.
I think that is an error.
Let me try to fix this error.
So yes, after fixing it, the total money earned and again running to check what are the funds that
the school is left with.
On running.
Yes.
So the school has earned one lakh 10,000.
This is the title for the salary.
School has spent for a salary to Samantha and now has ten one lakh and 5000.
Like initially the school received the fees from Jordan rather and then paid fear salary to Samantha.
So 60,000 plus 50,000 and subtracting 5000 from the salary part.
The funds left with the school is one lakh 5000 and it is perfectly fine.
Yes.
So now let us suppose that school pays salary to one more teacher like the third one was.
Copied this part and paste it again.
Yes.
So the third one is.
What is the name here?
Yes.
So it is possibly.
So that second payment is made to him and.
Placing everywhere.
So this school has paid the salary to the second teacher.
And again, we want to check what are the funds left at the school?
Surrounding it again.
Yes.
Perfect.
So school hasn't won like 10,000.
Then the pay salary shows payments to Samantha, and then school is left with this money after paying
it.
Also, the now school is left with this money.
So I hope you understood the concept behind this program.
We are calling the functions, invoking the methods and printing it out in our output terminal.
So it is a beautiful way to learn the basic Java concept.
Now.
In the next part, we are going to learn how to add some more specifications to this code.